User Story: Group of researchers from different countries discussing on new objects found in the temple of von Teotihuacán

Very recently archeologists in Mexico found a tunnel under the temple of von Teotihuacán. The archeologists made 3D scans of the first uncovered objects to allow researchers from all over the world to analyze them. They hope that someone detects hints why the population of Teotihuacán disappeared.
Some prominent researchers from Aachen (Alice), Mastricht (Bob), Paris (Cedric) and Stockholm (Dora) have a Skype-meeting to discuss their thoughts about a found statue. Bob already uploaded the model into the system and creates a Role-Sandbox space. He sends the link to the sandbox to his fellow researchers in Skype. Then he adds the Widget to the space, so all others can also see it. The widget shows an overview of the uploaded models. Bob selects that only his models are shown and then selects the statue. All four now have the same view on the statue. Alice wants to start the meeting with a small presentation about what she already discuvered on the statue. While she talks, she moves the model and zooms to certain parts she wants to show. During the presentation Cedric has an idea. He detects a little sign he already saw on other objects from that area. He uses a link in the widget to get to an independent view where he can inspect the sign without disturbing the Alice's presentation. After the presentation he wants to show the sign to the others and takes over control of the widget. (Because Dora couldn't follow his oral descrition of a specific spot on the model, Cedric clicks on the specific location and a little marker apprears.)
To show the similarity of the sign to the one Cedric has seen before he opens a second widget in the Role-Sandbox. There he loads the other object and turns the view to show similar areas next to each other. In the meantime Bob makes some screenshots in both widgets for his own notes. Alice also makes some notes, but she just copies the url from a link in the wigdet because the camera position is embedded in the link.

Vision bejond:
During the discussion, the four researchers create some marks on the model and add descriptions to each one. The researcher Eric from New York couldn't be at the meeting because he was sleeping at that time. In the morning he views the model by the link he got from Dora. He investigates the model and the documented marks. He adds a comment to a mark and then hides the mark because it is occupying his view.
